oh my god I feel the adrenaline I get
from doing this is the pretty crazy I
feel like I'm about to go over the top
of a roller coaster or something it's
great
trains a nice feeling yeah yeah and
Hermione goes are not on a real journey
on this film did you find that that
challenge for hard great for use an
actress it was great for me as an
actress I was really pushed there were
days when I was like I have no idea how
I'm gonna do this this is so hard you
know she gets tortured she holds Ron in
her arms as he's bleeding to death she
has to say goodbye to her parents has
some really tough stuff in there for me
so but it was amazing and I'm really
proud of the performance I've given so I
couldn't yeah yeah and you know you
mentioned some of the stuff we got apes
swear we've got bloody scenes and all
that kind of thing with their favourite
scenes for you the phone for this film
first part there's a scene in the movie
where down and I get to dance together
David was just talking about you what
your feelings were
I just really you know that the movie is
so dark and intense you know right from
the beginning right through to the end
and just to have this minute where we
could be silly and just be kids and just
have fun was so nice and I'm a real kind
of action-packed end to this whole you
know incredible journey you guys have
been I know there really is I mean I've
been saying that this seems like the
more emotional psychological film but
actually there's a lot of action in this
one as well it's done both of them are
just full-on but I've got question here
from a Twitter fan this is from Becca
Nelson she says what scene were you the
most nervous about shooting in this
phone there's a film where Bellatrix
tortures Hermione
no I just she's skating she's exactly so
I was definitely nervous about that
definitely no it's about getting
tortured especially by Helena Bonham
Carter who she just seemed unhinged
Isabella tricks and that was pretty
scary then on the flip side when the car
was not raw that is the most lovely
person so I know I know so it was really
fun doing it with her and then actually
the I get mud blood carved into my arm
which is a horrible idea
Helen and I actually came up with that
it wasn't in the script to me when like
David we've got this great idea we think
that she should have mud bloody engraved
into her skin and that sounds great
let's do it and so we had fun great to
have that much rain boots well to have
someone who likes you walking exactly
you know having played a role for 10
years now
the directors really give downriver and
I a lot of scope to play with mines and
just make the roles our own and I'll
know immediately when I read something
I'm like she wouldn't say that just I
know how like the back of my hand so I'm
kind of like no no no David honestly she
wouldn't do that she'd do this and he'll
go alright alright and he'll generally
go with what we say is for
congratulations and another great so
nice to see Emma Watson everyone